Switch to Play 3 and Pekko (#490)
playframework/play-grpc: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/gradle-support.adoc

}
----

> See the https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka-grpc/current/buildtools/gradle.html[Pekko gRPC Gradle support docs] for further details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the https://pekko.apache.org/docs/pekko-grpc/current/buildtools/gradle.html[Pekko gRPC Gradle support docs] for further details.
```
